Deployment/README.md, before:

# Jenkins on AWS

## Setting things up

- Provision everything with `terraform apply` & take it down with
  `terraform destroy`. You can also use `./node_bounce.sh`.
- Set up Jenkins on the EC2 instance with `./node_bootstrap.sh`.
- (If necessary) SSH into the machine with `./node_ssh.sh`.
- Get the initial password for Jenkins using `./jenkins_initial_password.sh`.
- Get the EC2 IP address using `./node_ip.sh` and go there in the browser to
  port 8080, to begin Jenkins setup.
- When asked which plugins to install choose "Choose my own plugins", and then
  install none. There is a script to install exactly the set of plugins we need.
- Set up the admin user with the following details:

```
Username: JenkinsAdmin
Password: (See jenkins_creds.txt)
Confirm Password: (See jenkins_creds.txt)
Full name: JenkinsAdmin
```

- (If necessary) Download the Jenkins CLI tool from the Jenkins server using
  `./jenkins_cli_download.sh`
- Run `./jenkins_install_plugins.sh` to install the required Jenkins plugins.
  The downloads can be flaky, so you may have to ctrl-C the script and re-run
  it, maybe even more than once. Eventually though it'll make it to the end.
- Once all the plugins are installed, go to the update center
  (`jenkins_install_plugins.sh` will print out a link to it at the start of
  script execution), and check the box at the bottom which says that it will
  make Jenkins restart. This should then immediately cause Jenkins to begin
  restarting. The restart should not take long at all, just a few seconds.
- Run `./jenkins_create_job.sh CodeSpyGlass_config.xml` to create the
  CodeSpyGlass pipeline job
- Set up the global pipeline library by going to
  'Manage Jenkins > Configure System > Global Pipeline Libraries' and configure
  it as follows:

```
Name: CodeSpyGlass
Default version: main

Allow default version to be overridden: Yes
Include @Library changes in job recent changes: Yes

Retrieval method: Modern SCM
Source code management:
  GitHub:
    Repository HTTPS URL: https://github.com/CodeSpyGlass/JenkinsPipelineLibrary
```

- Leave everything else at the defaults. Press "save" at the bottom when you're
  done with the above.
- Now you should be able to run the 'CodeSpyGlass' pipeline job, and it should
  go green.

Commit message:

Create python script for creating the initial Jenkins user, so I don't have to click it through every time.

Deployment/README.md, after:

# Jenkins on AWS

## Setting things up

- Provision everything with `terraform apply` & take it down with
  `terraform destroy`. You can also use `./node_bounce.sh`.
- Set up Jenkins on the EC2 instance with `./node_bootstrap.sh`.
- (If necessary) SSH into the machine with `./node_ssh.sh`.
- (If necessary) Download the Jenkins CLI tool from the Jenkins server using
  `./jenkins_cli_download.sh`
- Create the initial Jenkins user according to the credentials
  in `jenkins_creds.txt` by using `./jenkins_create_user.py`
- Get the EC2 IP address using `./node_ip.sh` and go there in the browser to
  port 8080, to begin Jenkins setup.
- When asked which plugins to install choose "Choose my own plugins", and then
  install none. There is a script to install exactly the set of plugins we need.
- Run `./jenkins_install_plugins.sh` to install the required Jenkins plugins.
  The downloads can be flaky, so you may have to ctrl-C the script and re-run
  it, maybe even more than once. Eventually though it'll make it to the end.
- Once all the plugins are installed, go to the update center
  (`jenkins_install_plugins.sh` will print out a link to it at the start of
  script execution), and check the box at the bottom which says that it will
  make Jenkins restart. This should then immediately cause Jenkins to begin
  restarting. The restart should not take long at all, just a few seconds.
- Run `./jenkins_create_job.sh CodeSpyGlass_config.xml` to create the
  CodeSpyGlass pipeline job
- Set up the global pipeline library by going to
  'Manage Jenkins > Configure System > Global Pipeline Libraries' and configure
  it as follows:

```
Name: CodeSpyGlass
Default version: main

Allow default version to be overridden: Yes
Include @Library changes in job recent changes: Yes

Retrieval method: Modern SCM
Source code management:
  GitHub:
    Repository HTTPS URL: https://github.com/CodeSpyGlass/JenkinsPipelineLibrary
```

- Leave everything else at the defaults. Press "save" at the bottom when you're
  done with the above.
- Now you should be able to run the 'CodeSpyGlass' pipeline job, and it should
  go green.
